you
toast me Pikachu Pikachu awesome quit
egg me Pikachu pika
awesome all right let's do this egg roll
uh sorry
Ian's mom ec130 BAM take that you'll do
shit do you like it babe wait kiss my
arse what kiss my arse and you get your
wish
okay
fine but first kiss my ghost dick what
what you didn't know that's how reverse
wishes work okay
you could play tennis this kindergarten
ball I think it's working
he's way too insecure this masculinity
to play a game like that what the hell
forever a wedding ring ooh gonna get me
help me Raphael huh
taking photos has never been easier take
a picture and send it to Anthony what
the hell come on
sending picture to Anthony do it no what
the fuck oh I know we've been together a
long time but Sadie's mom will you marry
me yes Oh what enough yeah he thinks and
Anthony you're making me rich hey will
you marry me will you marry me
congratulations everybody this new
discovery is gonna make us all very rich
and famous I'm going to spend all my
money to learn how to speak English
Oh to that but it is not free to put
rattles my mortal enemy
normally do that dear no blush cool bath
- then you are not a friend of mine I
will not learn to travel through time
going your time I will not commit you
losers can eat mice what are you doing
I can't dump it here that takes years of
training I got a hot girl to talk to you
her name's Ashley is it your mom no no I
didn't pack any underwear I'm only gonna
be here for a couple hours yeah
bye Ashley now this is a really big
freaking dealio subduct has now began
exploding the heads of celebrities Kim
Kardashian and her butt are freaking ass
and hope dressers gosh dang it now I
know I must kill him you're gonna kill
me up don't you thought don't say what
I'm writing out loud why would anyone
use this when they can just get up and
go to the bathroom
what's that noise I'm peeing this
marriage is over
wait Antoinette
Whaley there's something I have to tell
you what I'm a man my mom is my dad I
changed my relationship status to single
and no one liked it